IMX500 docs (#3860)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/accessories/ai-camera/getting-started.adoc

* `imx500_posenet`, which fetches the raw output tensor from the PoseNet neural network
* `plot_pose_cv`, which draws line overlays on the image

The AI Camera performs basic detection, but the output tensor requires additional post-processing on your host Raspberry Pi to produce final output.

The following command runs `rpicam-hello` with pose estimation post-processing:

[source,console]
----
$ rpicam-hello -t 0s --post-process-file /usr/share/rpicam-assets/imx500_posenet.json --viewfinder-width 1920 --viewfinder-height 1080 --framerate 30
----

image::images/imx500-posenet.jpg[IMX500 PoseNet]

You can configure the `imx500_posenet` stage in many ways.

For example, `max_detections` defines the maximum number of bodies that the pipeline will detect at any given time. `threshold` defines the minimum confidence value required for the pipeline to consider input as a body.

=== Picamera2

For examples of image classification, object detection, object segmentation, and pose estimation using Picamera2, see https://github.com/raspberrypi/picamera2/blob/main/examples/imx500/[the `picamera2` GitHub repository].

> Most of the examples use OpenCV for some additional processing, so if you haven't done so previously, please run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the examples use OpenCV for some additional processing. To install the dependencies required to run OpenCV, run the following command:
```
